I have always believed that polaroid is such
camera
press and immediately snapshot creeps out
and ready
it turns out that this is also a turn
if the camera saves for us
history then these points turn out to be too
keep that they keep our sight
and even our health turns out to be good
sunglasses are different from the sun
just like a good car is different
bad you wonder what is it and we
you will be happy to explain the sun
the source of life on earth
the more its warmer on the street and
better mood even our loved ones we
affectionately call the sun however bright
sun rays can play man
bad joke of our cyclist
traitorous blinded glare
black is the reflection of light reflected
smooth surface for example water or
asphalt at night is the same
a gleam is created by oncoming automobiles
headlights
human eyes are able to defend against
the sun
well, while squinting , the pupil narrows and
reduces the amount of falling on it
light is true so eyes get tired quickly
start to hurt and watery comes out
our cyclist needs not only
elbow pads and knee pads but the most
main means to prevent
dips good sunglasses
however ordinary sunglasses with
glare can not cope
they only darken the image but
eyes still dazzle sharp reflected
shine
so drivers who cares well
anti-glare recommended
glasses they can cut off the blinding rays
this ability is called polarization
reflected light propagates in two
directions
vertical and horizontal
vertical rays carry a useful eye
information such as color and contrast and
horizontal
this is the very glare that prevents us
lenses of polarized glasses are not
skip glare and through them we see
only clear clear picture we decided
set up an experiment
our task in practice is to prove or
refute the action of polarization
points behind the wheel we offered to sit down
professional racer
Yegor at our hero will blind
illuminator with a capacity of 12 thousand watts
conditions the participant will go to the meeting
artificial sun with a speed of 50
kilometers per hour in the first test of Egor
will go without glasses
spotlights mercilessly blinded the eyes of the rays and
already bright
reflected from the pavement and here
dirty trick baby stroller
Pros have a pro and a few meters
from the stroller
Yegor stops his car
let's see how much visibility improves
ordinary glasses without polarization on the way
car rolls out the stroller egor
reacts instantly but see what
happened in ordinary glasses car
stopped even closer to the wheelchair blinding
the light became smaller but the carriage itself became
worse see the last test we ask
our hero to wear a polaroid
instant reaction stroller
you look at how far from
the stroller stopped our racer muffled
all polaroid glare made dangerous
the obstacle visible to the driver here's to you
for an example of the action of ordinary points they
direct sunlight was darkened
but can do nothing with highlights and
here again the action of polarization
points but how tamed the glare light
the doctor did it first and the length and
unknown to the world as an inventor and
instant photography and founder
polaroid corporations here produce
polarizing lenses are almost 80 years old and
keep their technology in the strictest
the secret
but something we managed to peep the tape
in the reel is the future of lenses for glasses
internally already protection film polarizer
That is, what cuts unnecessary to the eye
rays
look visually in such a standard
position everything is visible but it is worth crossing
two vertical polarizers at an angle
90 degrees and the whole image completely
blocked however polaroid lenses are not valuable
only the brand effect of polarization in
ordinary glasses
often sewn monolithic that is
single layer lens
black plastic with ultraviolet
polaroid lens filter unlike them
consists of seven laminated ie
glued together layers each of
which solves its important task such
sandwich of polarizers filters and
protective layers also makes glasses
polaroid
impact resistant let's check those
more our hero today already
practiced in the fall
points like our cyclist
had a hard time but despite this they
both safe and sound so that the glasses
polaroid on all counts received
great but here is the vehicle
and you can change to match something
Well, our wonderful glasses
of all that is provided here
very glasses well done correctly says
although I would wear these glasses
one more function added function
homing come to the beach
put the glasses on immediately
pretty girl is very comfortable and
effectively